### Udacity machine learning training projects in 2017

#### Introduction: [Titanic Survival Exploration](https://github.com/yzzhang/machine-learning/blob/master/titanic_survival_exploration/report.pdf)
In 1912, the ship RMS Titanic struck an iceberg on its maiden voyage and sank, resulting in the deaths of most of its passengers and crew. This introductory project explores a subset of the RMS Titanic passenger manifest to determine which features best predict whether someone survived or did not survive. 

#### Project 1: [Boston Housing](https://github.com/yzzhang/machine-learning/blob/master/boston_housing/report.pdf)
This project evaluates the performance and predictive power of a Decision Tree model that has been trained and tested on data collected from homes in suburbs of Boston, Massachusetts. A model trained on this data that is seen as a good fit could then be used to make certain predictions about a home — in particular, its monetary value. This model would prove to be invaluable for someone like a real estate agent who could make use of such information on a daily basis.

#### Project 2: [Finding Donors](https://github.com/yzzhang/machine-learning/blob/master/finding_donors/report.pdf)
In this project, first several supervised algorithms are employed to accurately model individuals' income using data collected from the 1994 U.S. Census. Then the best candidate algorithm is chosen from preliminary results and further optimized to best model the data. The goal with this implementation is to construct a model that accurately predicts whether an individual makes more than $50,000. This sort of task can arise in a non-profit setting, where organizations survive on donations. Understanding an individual's income can help a non-profit better understand how large of a donation to request, or whether or not they should reach out to begin with. While it can be difficult to determine an individual's general income bracket directly from public sources, we can (as we will see) infer this value from other publically available features.

#### Project 3: [Customer Segments](https://github.com/yzzhang/machine-learning/blob/master/customer_segments/report.pdf)
This project analyzes a dataset containing data on various customers' annual spending amounts (reported in monetary units) of diverse product categories for internal structure. One goal of this project is to best describe the variation in the different types of customers that a wholesale distributor interacts with. Doing so would equip the distributor with insight into how to best structure their delivery service to meet the needs of each customer.

#### Project 4: [Smart Cab Using Reforcement Leaning](https://github.com/yzzhang/machine-learning/blob/master/smartcab/report.pdf)
This project works towards constructing an optimized Q-Learning driving agent that will navigate a Smartcab through its environment towards a goal. Since the Smartcab is expected to drive passengers from one location to another, the driving agent will be evaluated on two very important metrics: Safety and Reliability. A driving agent that gets the Smartcab to its destination while running red lights or narrowly avoiding accidents would be considered unsafe. Similarly, a driving agent that frequently fails to reach the destination in time would be considered unreliable. Maximizing the driving agent's safety and reliability would ensure that Smartcabs have a permanent place in the transportation industry.

#### Project 5: [Dog Identification App Using Convolutional Neural Networks](https://github.com/yzzhang/machine-learning/blob/master/dog-project/report.pdf)
This project makes the first steps towards developing an algorithm that could be used as part of a mobile or web app. The app accepts any user-supplied image as input. If a dog is detected in the image, it will provide an estimate of the dog's breed. If a human is detected, it will provide an estimate of the dog breed that is most resembling. 

#### Project 6: [Capstone](https://github.com/yzzhang/machine-learning/blob/master/capstone/capstone_report.pdf)
This final project presents a brand new research paper entitled "Wisconsin Breast Cancer Diagnosis Deep Learning Revisited" based on a free-chosen topic.  